# E-Voting Application
The suggested voting system is a mobile application that provides a new technique of casting votes using mobile phones. This application is especially developed for governments, organizations, corporations and commercial businesses to choose one candidate among other candidates. The project should follow the laws of intended elections.

The system has an admin login that has overall control over it. Admin feed the issues or arguments in the system along with desired options. These questions can then be visible to all the voters through mobile devices. Voters have to first create an account into the system for casting their votes. At the end of the voting process the system counts all the votes casted and generates a brief report of the total votes and view results. 

Out Voting System would have Candidate registration, document verification, auto-generated User ID and pass for candidate and Voters. Admin Login which will be handled by Election Commission. Candidate Login which will be handled By Candidate, Voters will get Unique ID and Password, Using which they can vote for a Candidate only once per Election. The project is beneficial for Election Commission, Voters as the can get to know the candidate background and choose wisely, and even for Candidate. The software system allows the Candidate to login in to their profiles and upload all their details including their previous milestone onto the system. The admin can check each Candidate details and verify the documents, only after verifying Candidate’s ID and Password will be generated, and can remove faulty accounts. The software system allows Voters to view a list of Candidates in their rea. The admin has overall rights over the system and can moderate and delete any details not pertaining to Election Rules.
